Ground relevant points that you can ask them. You're also going to track follow-ups. If you don't create a way to track follow-ups and when I say create a way, Most people use Google Sheets.
You could use Hubspot. You could do however you want to do it. You can even do it on notion or pen and paper.
Follow-ups are very important. You're going to have to send thank yous and you're going to have to follow up with any action point that the mentor gave you.
And I'll get into that with the afterward because this is beforehand. But basically that should all be on the same CRM spreadsheet.
Google Doc, however you want to do it. Also beforehand, this is extremely important. We require you guys to send an email to each mentor you're meeting with introducing yourself and your business at least 24 h in advance.
And honestly this is standard practice for every time you guys have a meeting. So mentor madness is really almost like a home training for how to interact with people from here on out.
So all of these standards that we're requiring because that's part of what people expect from our cohort is.
Exactly what you should do going forward. So every time you have a meeting with an EIR, an investor, a mentor outside of mentor medicine.
You should be doing this hygiene as well. But That being said, this is a lot of people's first time like.
Having this sort of structure around meetings. So I like to go into it in detail. You're gonna send an email to each mentor that you're gonna meet with.
So the people you're meeting with on Wednesday, you email and Tuesday. And that's at the latest because they actually prefer 48 h before but the requirement is at least 24.
Do not be offended if the mentor did not have time to read this email because they still check if you sent it.
So whether they have read your agenda or not, it matters that you've sent it. We actually ask them in the debrief who has sent the email and we write down like how many of you guys sent the emails beforehand.
Okay, really quick question. So. For our groups, there's me 4 companies with each group.
So should we be sending one email to the mentor for all 4 companies or should each company send one email to the mentor or should each person from each company send an email to the mentor.
Okay.
It's a good question. The answer is the second one. So one email per company. To the mentor.
The fact that you're in a group, you guys aren't going to be in groups meeting with the mentors.
That's just your shared slot. So you're going to share. It's in breakout rooms.
Yes.
Can you guys meet yourself in the conference room? Perfect. It's shared Zoom, but you guys are gonna be one on one.
And so it's like, it's a mentor to company connection. Also, the reason the co-founders don't send separate ones is that would seem disparate.
You guys are on one team. So. One company, one email, per mentor. That was a great question, Jalo.
No one's ever asked that. David?
Are we engaging with all 40 mentors? And
Good question too. No, so it's a variety so you guys will probably meet between like 20 and 30 people.
Because our 24 of you so Kate and Chloe and then has helped they've done incredible math to just kind of like do the logistics.
You're going to research all of them and a good reason for all of you to research all of them even if they're not on your schedule for mentor madness is that we have ad hoc mentorship after this.
So after mentor madness, we're going to give you a list of like all our mentors and you can also access it online and you're going to be able to ask for 10 to 15 warm intros to have calls with those people.
Will actually send them your calendar leads. So if you research a mentor for this to help your classmates and they end up not on your schedule.
You'll just meet with them in the coming weeks. So take note if there's someone you researched in your, oh, I really wish that that person was on my schedule.
We've tried to make relevant people meet with relevant companies. But there are a few where the mentors just didn't have the availability for certain slots.
So what would be a good connection we can do in the ad hoc mentorship. Antonio.
Yeah, see, multiple blocks like 4 blocks, for the first and 4 blocks for the second week.
Right.
So I will never meet the same mentor, correct? It will every every time will be a different mentor for half an hour blocks, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
Thanks.
And it's only in your time, so you don't have to do all 3 blocks. It's just one per day.
In your assigned time. Matthew?
You've already assigned the mentors to each company.
Yeah, we're working on finalizing it. So Chloe will have it by the end of the day tomorrow.
Okay, so if based on the research that we do, there's a mentor that is not assigned to us that we like to talk to, can we?
Ask you to
We call that ad hoc mentors. So starting in week 5, well I'll send out a post about it, but basically we open up all our mentors to you guys, you can research, you can choose 10 to 15 and we'll send out like warm emails to them with your Calendly saying this this company wants to meet with you and usually we get about a one-third hit rate from that.
Like one third of those will turn into full meetings. Other ones they'll reply via email and then one third won't reply. So it's a pretty good hit rate for that.
That's called ad hoc mentorship. So anyone that you see that you don't get to meet with will make sure you get a meeting later.
Vincent.
Yeah, my question was just kind of more about learning more like you guys think about who to assign mentors to is it driven by the discussion that we had in person in Oakland or we met some of the mentors or is it more you guys know the backgrounds of each mentor and what we probably need.
Yeah, It's background.
Okay, got it. Cool.
And a lot of it is like, these are just great people. Some of them are super connectors or just experts.
So like you might see someone and be like, what does this have to do with my industry? It's not always industry based.
Sometimes it's like we know you had a certain problem that this person has seen before. Sometimes it's like we think you would really get along with this mentor, maybe they could be an advisor.
So it's kind of nuanced. You're not going to be able to like initially just see why we put you, but a lot of thought goes into it.
Okay, so the next 2 weeks when we're having these sessions. We're gonna be meeting with different people and then.
A portion of those will end up being our mentors over the next the following weeks.
No. So I'll explain lead mentors in a bit. I have a whole slide for it.
Okay.
So this is just a one time 2 week sprint where you're meeting with a bunch of mentors with no, for further stuff, but I'll get into what could happen later.
Oh, okay, so these are just more like just to discuss and get some feedback from these folks as we're going through the 2.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. We call it, you guys to the wolves. So you're going and they're gonna talk to them quick meetings, 30 min, you're gonna give them a brief about your business and then they'll tell you what they think and then any The research goes into it because you should have an objective for each meeting.
Okay, cool.
I'm going to get into all of this in this slide. I'll just pause. Doton?
Okay.
Yeah, sorry. Just wanted to confirm it's okay. The whole team or in our case it's 2 co-founders go on the call and if you suggest to do that or it's better to do a one on one, sometimes the one on one dynamic actually ends up creating a better flow.
Yeah, that's a great question. So one on one is great. I do recommend that if you are able, I know we have a lot of solo founders.
Have someone come on the call with you as a note taker, kind of like JTVD.
You're more than welcome to have your whole team there. Here are the caveats one the CEO should always be present unless it's an extremely technical mentor where you feel that your CTO would represent your business well.
Most of the mentors are expecting to meet the CEO and they feel disappointed when the CEO isn't there.
2, it's much better to not be alone. So even if you have like an intern or something if you're solo and if you have a co-founder that's available, I would bring them in because we're not recording these meetings.
The mentors don't like that. So you need someone to take notes for you. Third, if you have a large team, I would not have more than 3 people on the call.
So I would choose based on who the mentor is, which people. So I'm thinking about Dub Prime.
I'm thinking about other people who have like more than 3 team members. It just gets, it becomes a lot and like it's a weird dynamic with the mentor once you get like 4 plus people on there I would keep it to 3.
So anywhere from 2 to 3 people is the sweet spot. If you have to take a call by yourself, cause you're a solo founder, it's not the end of the world, it's just harder to note take.
So I would try to get someone one time we had a solo founder who just got his friend to come.
Like he just had a friend that worked somewhere else and he just came from a mentor madness to no take so you can be scrappy like that.
Pardo.
Yeah, will all of these mentor madness assignments end up being remote or will any of these mentor madness meetings also be a mixture of in person?
These will all be virtual. So we run Mentorbetus virtually.
Good question. Okay, I'm gonna keep going. I'm sure things will be revealed later.
David, you can ask your question really quick.
Oh, yeah, my question was around. I know you said we should be coming into each of these calls with an objective, but what is like the objective the mentors are coming in with?
Like. What are they?
Question. So I'll get into what you guys need to set as your objective, but for the mentor side, which I like that question, they're coming in for multiple things.
So those who were on John Hills workshop right before this, he said like mentors come altruistically.
So one, they're coming altruistically. 2, they're coming because we've we have a good relationship with them so a lot of them are like Nil's personal friends my network, Fona has extended her network.
So, they're coming to help you, they're coming to learn about your business. And they're coming to offer their opinion on your business and answer any questions that you have.
So like they have nothing prepared. They're coming in here waiting for you to drive the call. But they're also comfortable taking over the call to drive it once they realize like the things you need help with or what your business is.
Does that answer your question?
Yes, thank you.
Okay, so you're gonna send an email introducing yourself and your business. This should include an objective and an agenda.
So in this email, you're going to say, hi, I'm David, CEO of Tux.
We do XYZ. Quick one-liner like not not an in-depth thing.
It could be one to 2 lines. We do XYZ. You can check us out here. I based on your background, like I love how you worked at this or I know you experience like I read on your blog you experienced an issue with like a customer acquisition funnel.
I'd love to talk to you about that today or it's like I saw that you have a lot of experience in the retail space in the retail space and like we're really struggling to onboard restaurants.
And like we're really struggling to onboard restaurants. I'd love to talk to you about that.
Or you can even say 1, 2, 3, if you have like multiple points. And you can say, my objective is really to just hear your opinion on these things.
And I'll get into dues and dots, but spoiler alert, one of the don't is like just to get on there and be like I just wanted to hear about your background.
Because a lot of people you've already heard some of our workshop presenters say this it's like just Google me.
Neil has even said that. They're not here to just like give you their founder story because they've told it 10,000 times.
They want it 10,000 times. They want to help you. Next, anticipate possible questions and prepare answers.
This is huge. So beforehand, in addition to mentor research and sending these emails to the mentors on your back end you should think about the things that mentors may be asking you about your company, about the status of your company right now, prepare answers.
The worst thing you could do is be unprepared and then kind of ramble or stumble through answers because you're not prepared to speak to your business.
You all know that for the next 2 weeks you're going to be speaking about your business to these mentors.
So what might they ask you and how can you prepare to have answers for that? Create an objective for each meeting based on the mentors experience.
So I just kind of went into that. So let's switch to during the meetings. So that's everything you need to do pre, this is during.
During the meetings you're gonna start the meeting off after you say hello with a well practiced 1 min elevator pitch.
This is extremely important that you keep it to 1 min. One of the biggest flaws that my founders make in mentor madness is speaking for multiple minutes at the start of the call.
The calls are only 25 min because we give a 5 min break to the mentors. So they're only 25 min.
Taking up more than 1 min with you pitching your business is a waste of time. You should be crispy and concise and practice this.
So that you can just get it across, help the mentor understand. Sometimes they'll even pause you in the middle of it and say, okay, I understand your business.
Let's get on. If you speak for more than this, the mentors are going to feel like this is a waste of time because they're not You're there to hear from them.
They're not there to just hear from you. So you want to communicate as quickly as possible what your business does, help them understand and then you guys can get on with the meeting so you can get value.
Here's an example. Hi, I'm Blank and we help solve blank through or using blank.
I'd love to talk to you today about blank because blank and the because you can probably guess is based on your research of them.
And that shows a really thoughtful entrepreneur. Someone who says it in this format is pointed, prepared.
Not trying to like speak for hours, but really ready to listen and ready to extract value from this conversation and this makes a mentor want to help.
If you come in with this, they're gonna say, okay, let's go. Like, how can I help you?
And they're gonna want to help you. The whole thing I'm trying to do here is help you guys.
Get the mentors to want to help you in the maximum way possible. So that's this. Here's some dues and don't talk the whole time.
I think I just got at this but I just cannot say this enough because including me, everyone who has been a founder or is a founder just loves to talk about their product project and their adventure, but these mentors want to give you help.
So if you talk the whole time, the mentors aren't going to be able to give you help.
You're really there to be a listener. You're there to speak to get them on the same page and to drive the conversation based on your questions and objectives you've prepared.
But you're really there to be a listener. The end of the day. So they should be speaking more than you.
And this sounds really harsh, but I'm trying to give you guys tough love from mistakes your predecessors have made.
You can get value out of every meeting. This is extremely important. We said this in orientation, but I'm saying it again.
Some of, I've had founders who think they'll look at it and say like, oh, like I don't need help with legal.
I don't need help with marketing. Or branding. I don't need help with techno like technical side because I'm pre product like and then they'll either just kind of not give value to the meeting and float through it and the mentor feels offended that you didn't give value or try to extract value from the meeting or they'll skip the meeting which is extremely unacceptable because
we've worked a lot to get these mentors to come to meet with you and then that mentor is going to tell their friends that you did that or they'll come in and just tell the mentor like I don't think you can help me, which is the worst of all of those options.
Don't do any of that. Trust us that every person that we're having you meet with is here to give you value.
Trust that they can give you connections. So if they don't, if they don't personally know the answer to something, they can connect you to someone that can.
Trust that we made it the connection between your company and that mentor for a reason. You may not see the reason right up front, but the person is there to provide value.
So I challenge you to try to extract value out of every meeting. If for some reason you have tried to extract value out of a meeting and you really didn't find it, I want to hear that because if you tried and the person did not provide that value, I will kick them out of mental madness.
That's how seriously I take this because I really believe that all of these people are here to give you value and if you try and something happens.
Whether they were inappropriate in any manner, they try to sell you something, or you feel that they do not provide value or maybe they didn't take it seriously.
I want to know that. We're going to give you guys surveys on all of these people where you can give your very candid advice on what you thought about them.
So I take that extremely seriously. Like that's a promise. If you have a problem with it, we're going to address it pretty harshly.
If they can't help, who might they know that can help? That's very, very good to ask if they say they don't know or they don't have experience to answer the question that you wanted them to answer, who might they know that can help?
That's the next question you should ask.
Do research each mentor beforehand. Don't ask them to tell you their background. So when you get on the call, you should already know about their background.
They don't want to spend time talking about themselves in that manner. They'll tell you stories from their lives and their their experience if it's relevant to help you in the area that you're asking about.
But if you get on and generally ask them like, oh I saw that you were in You were in like the deep tech space.
Just like, tell me about how that was. That's not really going to help your business progress and is a waste of their time.
So these pointed asks are what we're trying to get at and you need to already know their background before.
You don't have to know every single thing about them though. I've had some founders like try to memorize where everybody worked and like all this different stuff, you don't have to do that.
Just generally know their background in the way that it's relevant to you. So that you can ask them about it.
Be prepared to hear criticism. Don't take negative feedback personally. It will only help you grow. So like kind of answering Nicki's question, are like, what is the purpose of these 2 weeks?
It's really to get you in front of as many people that we find valuable. As possible so you can get the most looks at your business and the most constructive feedback as possible.
So the whole point here is really to get that negative feedback. If you don't get a lot of negative feedback, it's not as useful.
Of an experience. So the founders that get the harshest criticisms actually come out of Mentor Madness with the most growth.
So I really appreciate when the mentors are pretty harsh with some of my companies. And you should go in there knowing this.
So this is not, kind of like. A fluffy sunshine and rainbows 2 weeks.
These people are here to really drill into your business. Because we're gonna be in week 3 and 4 of program.
You're already part of Techstars and you're here to hear this. That is the value we promised you at the start of program that we would help your business grow.
That's why we call it an accelerator. So hearing criticism is part of this. You should take it with a thick skin and the most important thing is to know that they are not attacking you as a person.
They're telling you about your business so that you can grow and succeed. None of them want your businesses to fail if they tell you something really harsh, it's out of love and out of altruism.
And none of it has to do with you as founders. Like we said at orientation, each of you, we believe in you guys.
We don't believe in all of you, we really don't believe in any of your business ideas as they stand because none of them will be what they are at the end of 13 weeks or in a few years.
You guys as founders are amazing. You're businesses are subject to change. So don't feel so attached to what's going on in your company that you won't be able to take feedback.
Well. A good example here. Is the CEO really reflects the business. And there are some even maybe seemingly personal pieces of feedback that my founders have received, where some of them took it pretty harshly.
I'll tell you some. For example, one CEO speaks extremely quickly. She knows that. She says that she does, but the all of the mentors consistently told her like you need to slow down with your speech or you're not going to be able to pitch, you're not going to be able to get investment, you're not going to be able to explain your business to key stakeholders, you need to slow
down. That was really hard to hear because they were pretty harsh about it. But even that piece of criticism is not attacking her as a person.
That is just trying to help the CEO of this business be a better order. To achieve success. So I say that example to like show you guys the level of criticism you may get.
It may feel personal, but it's not. Does anyone have questions about criticism? Because this is a really important piece.
Yeah, Ally.
Just not so much criticism, but I expect that they will give feedback in real time. During the conversations but Is there any type of report feedback that comes out of like them getting together and talking about the companies?
That's exactly right. Thank you for asking that. So the biggest value out of mentor madness is not actually what they say to you guys.
It's what they say to us. So at the end of every session, our team runs a debrief, a confidential debrief without you guys in the room.
And our associates take notes. And we scraped all the names out of that. And then we anonymous, we anonymize everything and give you guys a sheet of all the feedback.
That everybody said. And this is what usually hurts people's feelings. So you guys will get that and we'll give you a long weekend to digest it and then we'll come back in person in week 5 and we'll talk about it because it's going to be some tough love.
Sometimes it's extremely complementary. Sometimes it's a mix of both. And remember, they're saying this without you in the room, knowing that it's going to be given to you so that you can.
Like use it to then iterate your business. So you will receive some feedback in person, but most people will say it to me and Neil and the team afterward.
We'll come back, we'll conglomerate it and distribute it after mentor madness.
Does that answer your question, only?
Yes, so, just quick follow up. So there's no, no feedback in the end of week 3.
It's all at the end of week 5 so that we can cross correct a little bit.
Yeah, it comes at the end of week 4. So after we finish, The reason that we don't, so pretty much everything that you guys ask us about, we've tried.
So the reason we don't give it at the end of week 3 is we did that one time and it caused the founders, it really tripped them up.
So everyone was doing pretty well in week 3 and then we gave them the feedback so far and then every company did terribly in week 4.
I think everyone got in their heads, they were thinking about the feedback from the last week, they were kind of course correcting before.
It was just a disaster. So we always save it to the end of week 4.
And our associates will need a couple days to like aggregate it so it'll actually come like at the beginning of week 5.
Thank you.
Yeah.
You said Dave, right? As you say, how much of this is like. Being spoken to as opposed to like a discussion like I'm cool being like I am just curious like how much of this can it be like problem solving.
I don't know, like I feel like when we work with the associates or when we work with you as a leads.
It never is kinda like just like sit and listen. I wonder. Is, is this what this is supposed to be?
I'm just trying to kind of prepare for it.
Can you explain your question a little more?
Like a lot of the times There's like collaborative sparring where it's like they may have an idea and like you can, oh yeah.
Hmm. Got it.
But maybe that's not what this is. I don't want to come in a conversation expecting that kind of like have discourse where it's like, no, this is just like kind of listening kind of thing.
That's a very good question. So like, how much do you push back on the mentors and how much are you just listening?
So my rule is just don't argue with the mentors. So everything is appropriate. You can spar, you can like talk back and forth and kind of collaborate.
Just don't argue. So I've had one, I had one founder that straight up argued with him and just kept telling them how like their opinion about the business is wrong they can feel how they feel about the business.
You do not need to argue with them if they say something won't work like you can just agree to disagree.
You don't have to convince the mentor to be on your side. Like some mentors will just not believe in whatever you're doing and they'll just give you.
Harsh criticism, which is valid. Because even if you think that they're wrong, which of course we think that they're wrong because we invested in you.
The things they say are still valid. So like whatever they're pointing out. I would just not argue.
Collaborate and not argue. And I think that line is pretty clear. Does that make sense, Dude?
Yeah, definitely. Thank you.
Kevin?
Yeah, just a quick question. Obviously we're starting this process with KPIs and goal setting.
If for during the mentor, we're getting insights from mentors where we decide to make a decision that certain things might shift.
And that actually affects our goals and our KPIs is that something that we should be letting you guys know like, hey, we're gonna chant, you know, change our direction of our KPIs at this point in time.
Due to a result of the meeting that we have with a mentor.
Yeah. That's awesome. You should definitely be changing things as a result of meetings. I think that's great.
Those are 2 separate things. So for goals first, yes, I would let Fona and Sophie know that you're changing those goals just so we know what you guys are aiming at and how to help if something's not relevant anymore like let us know if you have a new goal let us know that too so we can help.
With KPIs, you don't have to give us an update like, hey, I'm changing my KPIs because KPIs are going to be weekly.
So you're gonna present tomorrow, which I'll post about on base camp later today. And then you're going to have async KPIs during mentor madness, which I'll also post about on Friday.
So on weeks 3 and 4, it'll be async and then starting in week 5, it'll be synchronous.
That's great.
So you never have to like give us an in between that like, hey, this is changing. We'll just see it in your next update.
Great.
But that's great. You should be updating your metrics and how you're doing things based on the feedback you get.
Thank you.
So they are not criticizing you as a person. They're giving you constructive feedback about your business.
Do be humble, be curious. Humility is extremely appreciated as an entrepreneur. The more you're willing to put like put aside your ego and learn from these people the better.
Be curious have lots of questions. Be comfortable saying you don't know. One piece of feedback I've gotten from about many founders is when a mentor asks them something that they don't know, instead of saying they don't know, or saying, I don't know, I can get back to you, I can follow up or saying, I don't know, could you tell me or could you help me
or what should that be? Though like beat around the bush and try to meander until they find the answer and they never find the answer and then you've burned like 5 min just when you could have just said you don't know.
So it's okay to not know. These mentors and pretty much everyone you meet know that you guys are doing early stage startups.
So it's actually extremely appreciated when you say you don't know and you act like a sponge and you just absorb all the knowledge.
Don't be afraid to say you don't know. Do ask questions, lots and lots of questions.
Don't ask for money. This is a big one. We have had this happen. I think 2 times and it was a big deal because the mentors really Some of them are angels, some of them work for VCs, and they're here to mentor you.
Put that blossom into a relationship where you do one day receive investment from them? Absolutely, but they're not coming to mentor madness to be pitched for money.
So it's really important like everyone has always said like if you want money ask for advice so These people are here to give.
They're here to get to know you. They may find a certain interest in a few of you and then want to follow up but this mentor madness meaning is not to pitch them for investment.
If the person on the other end brings it up. That is a different story. So I've had a couple people basically say like, actually I'm really interested in angel investing like you should follow up.
You don't have to say like, no, I can't do that. If they bring it up, it's okay.
But just don't expect them to that rarely happens during these meetings. That would only be after you establish a relationship.
I have been meeting with this person a couple of times. So just put that out of your mind. This isn't a fundraising opportunity really.
This is to get you guys to be fundable. This is to build your business, but it's not going to be like investor meetings.
Mentor Whiplash. You guys probably remember this from orientation, but that is when mentors have conflicting advice.
You're gonna be meeting with 3 or 4 per day. You might sit in one meeting and then switch to another 5 min later and hear completely opposing advice.
We talked about Jake from zest on the retreat and something that Jake did, which he learned from Bob Mesta, is to Map out what everybody says on a certain issue and then find key points and key points of like patterns and recognize the patterns.
For example, if you ask them all, what customer acquisition strategy should be going with and you lay out 3 different strategies and you ask them which one they think is best.
Take note of how many mentors say which one. If 15 of the 20 you meet with, say the first one, you can probably guess that it's the first one, regardless of the fact that 5 people said no.
So I think a lot of people get tripped up on the fact that like unanimously, everyone didn't just tell you the same thing of what to do.
That's just one strategy. Jake did majority rules or at least majority rules for. What path you should be most interested in at the end of the day, it's you making the decision.
The mentors are not. Ruling that decision, but. He saw energy there. So if the most majority of people you talk to tell you that this one route is the best way to go, you should talk to your team about it.
It seems like this is the best route should we take it. At the end of the day nobody is telling you how to run your business.
And you also can take the route that nobody says. That's an unpopular opinion. If every single mentor tells you to do something else and you know in your heart that you want to try this other route.
It's your business. So. Take that with a grain of salt. Do we have things in the chat phone or are we good?
Oh, good.
We're good for now.
Okay, all with a grain of self ever argue with the mentors. So this is the same thing I was telling David.
A lot of people will disagree. If they disagree, you don't need to convince them that your way is right.
You just take it with a grain of salt. You can agree to disagree. Your objective at the end of the day is not to convince everybody, it's just to take data.
Neo always says like it's just data. You're just collecting data from what everybody thinks.
That's why it's so great to have questions and objectives. Preset so that you know what you're collecting from each mentor.
These are the 3 areas we're having trouble. What do you think we should do for each of them?
And then at the end, I've mentor madness, you can discuss all the feedback you got and then decide.
How to move forward. We've designed a mentor madness reflection survey. That will help you guys as a team.
Identify action items. On how to take action on everything that you got as feedback. So you don't have to worry as much about like, wow, I'm getting all this feedback, how do I iterate based on it?
How should I implement all of it? We can help you with that. You're just collecting this data.
That's funny. All right, be aware of where you're taking calls from. This would surprise some people, but a lot of mentors do not find it very professional.
This would surprise some people, but a lot of mentors do not find it very professional when you take it from a noisy place, not find it very professional when you take these calls from your phone, when you take it from a noisy place, a place with poor internet.
We even had one mentor complain one time and he was a great mentor. So I took it pretty seriously.
He complained that the background, like you say, I have the bridge, the virtual background was distracting.
It was just a plain white screen, kinda like what, Tommy has right now, but it was like behind him and the mentor was like, I basically couldn't.
Pay attention to because it was just like this scorching white screen kind of what I have on the screen right now.
It was very interesting. I hadn't thought of that before, but just be aware of your backgrounds.
Like, don't have something super distracting behind you. Don't be in a loud place.
Don't be in a place without internet. Try not to take it mobil, like definitely don't take it while you're doing something else.
If you need to be driving or something, you should just have someone else take the meeting for you. Because this is a, you should just have someone else take the meeting for you because this is like this mentor is giving you their time.
So we want to show up with respect, be prepared, be ready. And show up with the correct accommodations.
Lead mentors. Lead mentors are what we call ongoing mentorship relationships. I put this slide in every time to explain it.
This is not an official tech stars like programmatic part of the experience. So it's not like ER is where we assign AIRs and you all get your ERs.
Lead mentors are up to you guys. Let me define it and then I'll explain how you can get get them.
The definition of a lead mentor is someone that is in the mentor. Network of tech stars who you really jive with who you meet either from mentor madness from a mentor event we had like last Friday or from ad hoc mentorship, which is you identifying mentors that you like and then we facilitate meetings with you with them.
If you find someone or a few people that you think are just awesome and like you want to meet with them all the time you want their help.
You can ask them to be your lead mentor. It is very much the last class or a few classes ago. They said it's like the bachelor.
You're extending the rows. They can accept or reject. So it's double opted.
Some mentors are in such high demand that multiple people will ask them and they will just choose one or 2.
You're not competing. The mentor will just choose who they think they can help best. So if they say no to you, you shouldn't feel too sad about it because they make the decision based on their own availability and how much they think they can help you.
So if someone says, no, that's of their own fruition. And then you can just choose somebody else.
Reasons that they might say no in addition to already having too many companies is that they just don't have the bandwidth.
So a lot of these mentors are making time during mentor madness, but they may not have time every single week.
So the definition of a lead mentor is someone that you ask double opt in to meet with you on a weekly cadence.
Sometimes it's bi-weekly like every other depending on availability. And that's up to you guys.
So you guys are facilitating that. If you'd like to meet with them after program that is completely like that's not part of the lead mentorship deal so when you're asking them to be your lead mentor you're basically asking them do you want to meet with me weekly until week 13 after that a lot of people are not able to meet anymore but rarely some people will be able to you'll be able to
keep. It's all up to how you manage the relationship. So the way that you'll get a lead mentor or a few, we recommend no more than 3.
We recommend everyone have about one, like at least one. And some people have chosen not to have lead mentors because they feel that ERs suffice.
So it's completely up to you. If you're a solo founder, I don't recommend having more than 2 because it's a lot to manage.
If you have multiple team members, you could have about 3. So you guys can manage the relationship together.
You jive with somebody you can send them an email in your follow-up asking them. You know, I really appreciated our meeting today.
Do you wanna be my lead mentor? It's important to note that All of our Chicago mentors should know what that is.
So if you research someone that came from like our Chicago network, they'll know what lead mentors is.
But a lot of our Bay Area mentor network hasn't been with tech stars for that long, so they may not know what that is.
You can explain it to them and say, hey, it's basically like a special mentor position unpaid obviously where you just meeting with me multiple times throughout the program usually once a week so you can explain it to them and see what they think.
If they say yes, then you guys are going to be lead mentors. You don't really have to let us know or anything like you can tell us if you are excited about it but it's we're completely disconnected from this process.
So I just want to make that extremely clear because even after I give this work shop sometimes people will ask me in a couple weeks like hey when do we get our lead mentors?
That is up to you. You should ask them sooner rather than later. There are 24 companies. I'm sure a lot of you guys are gonna ask the same people because we have some superstars.
But also just know that even if you don't get the people that you really want, like if they say no, we've taken the top people that people always ask and we've just paid them and those are our ERs.
So you don't have to worry about having a lack of mentorship. This is just bonus.
Was that Matthew who had a question?
And sorry, I thought I reached through the hand and you answered my question. Thank you. Okay.
Oh, amazing. Okay.
Yes, so at what point like would you recommend we ask a mentor to be our lead mentor like completely after or madness or like after the first meeting.
Yeah, okay. So this is tricky. This is very much like dating. It's like, when do you propose to someone?
It's like, when are you gonna make sure because there are other fish in the sea, you wanna make sure this is like the person for you.
So I would recommend maybe not after the. Very first meeting you've had because you want to meet with other people.
But maybe after the first week when you realize like okay so that that first call I had really is like the person I've drive with the most I want to ask them.
It's as soon as you can identify that like this is the person. And of course you get like one to 3 so you're not gonna make a wrong choice and like not be able to ask someone else but you don't want to ask too quickly where you haven't met everybody else.
I have a feeling when you guys get on, you're gonna have your very first mentor call and you're gonna be like this was amazing like this is the person but then you're gonna realize they're all amazing and then you're gonna have to decide who could help you the most.
So it's really up to you guys. I think people have seen the most success. Leaning toward the sooner rather than later.
Just because they do get like. Asked a lot and we want to be make sure that we respect their availability.
Christie?
Yeah, so when we had our mentor intro, here, at the workspace, there was a couple already that we bonded with or they bonded with us and I've already reached out.
Offering to, you know, maybe explore how they can help. Should we wait? Until we meet the other mentors or can we start?
Kind of seeing where that relationship takes us.
Oh yeah, okay, so to be clear, lead Mendor does not mean that you guys should not have other mentors on the side.
So like you should be having like a lot of mentors. This is a very specific relationship where you're meeting weekly with this person and like they are called your lead mentor, which is just entitle.
It literally just means that you're meeting weekly. This does not mean that you don't have other mentors.
So Christy, like I highly recommend following up with that person. If you guys met other mentors that were great, that was the whole point of that meeting.
So you should be having like 1, 2, 3 meetings with other mentors. It's just like if you want to develop a very official cadence with someone, you can ask them to be your elite mentor.
Okay, yeah, cause we were very touched that that they kind of bonded with us and yeah, it was very inspirational.
That they reached out to us. So, okay. Thank you for answering that question.
Okay, so is everyone clear everyone should be like reaching out to mentors having as many mentors as you'd like mentor meetings meet basically but every mentor meeting you have is not with the default that you would have another meeting.
So like every, outside of being a lead mentor is like a one off mentor meeting unless you guys decide that you'd like to meet again.
So like no expectations to have a follow up. Same with everyone in mentor madness. There's no expectation to have a follow-up with any of these people unless they offer or you ask.
Or you ask them to be your lead mentor. But you guys should be having a lot of one off mentor meetings.
The more you can network and be proactive. About that, the better.
So this is my favorite part of this presentation where I took. Some of the feedback that we've gotten over the years for mentors.
I just copy and paste it into here so that you guys could see what some of your predecessors received and you can avoid those.
In the future. They wasted the meeting because the whole time I was trying to understand their business. As you can guess, this was probably said about someone not probably, I know what it is.
So they didn't introduce their business in a concise and clear manner. So they, they either didn't give the elevator pitch at the front or they gave it in a very like non-concise non clear manner where they lost the mentor along the way while they were kind of like.
Rambling through it and then. The mentor felt the meeting was wasted. So if the mentor doesn't understand at the top of the call what your business does.
Cause and then maybe re-explain. Like if you can tell that they don't get it, just pause and like realign so that the meeting is not wasted.
But even better than that, even better than recovering the meeting, is just starting out great with very crispy.
Short and concise and clear. 1 min elevator pitch.
Next, it was clear they didn't know who I was. This is so embarrassing because it only takes a quick like LinkedIn search to at least see who these people are.
Some of them have done some great things where it's like very clear if you don't know who they are.
And that person is not gonna want to help you very much. They probably would have been able to connect this founder with some amazing people but because The founder didn't show up in a very prepared, well researched respectful way.
This mentor did not want to help the founder anymore. Clearly, like, I mean, that makes sense if you feel like the founder didn't appreciate your time, you're not going to want to give them any more time.
So don't do that.
They asked me for a personal favor for a loved one. It was very unprofessional. So this like this, some of you might be like kind of chuckling to yourselves because it seems obvious, but the concept is what's important here.
You're here for a professional capacity. The mentor does not expect you to ask them about anything outside of like helping with your company.
You can develop a, like a personal relationship with them outside of that. Like some of our founders play pickle ball with some of our mentors and stuff like that but that should come later.
All of these mentors are coming under the guise under the assumption that They're here to answer questions about your business, your current business that you were accepted into tech stars for.
This is a true story. We had to sit down one of our founders because he asked the mentor about something for his girlfriend, like trying to get her a job with him or something.
It was a long time ago, so I can't remember exactly the details, but that mentor did not like that.
And he told the other mentors that that haven't. Which was very tragic for that founder.
So just know when you do something that is Maybe not acceptable to a mentor, they will tell the other mentors.
And then that will affect you. So that's why we're having this session right now. They talked at me the entire time and I barely got a word in.
This point of feedback is the most common one I get. Like I said, we all love to speak about the things that we're doing.
That's why you guys got into tech stars because you're so passionate about what you're doing, but this is a time really to listen.
Do you wanna spend the entire meeting listening to them? So every time they ask you something, really try to keep that answer concise so that you're giving them the information they need to be able to advise you but you're not spending forever just talking about your company.
I'm not sure how to help them because they didn't have a point to ask. This is the second most piece of most common piece of feedback that we get, which is lack of objectives.
So they'll say like, I liked the founder, but like, I mean, I didn't really know what they needed or they just seemed to be okay.
Like they didn't really want anything from me. So it's just like neutral and the mentor is just kind of shaking their head with I wasn't really able to help them.
That to me is a wasted opportunity. You definitely want to go in there with an objective. Or multiple objectives.
It could be like you I want advice on these 3 things or the objective is like I know you can connect me with a lot of people so my objective is to like tell you where we need help and maybe we can bring storm.
My objective is to hear from your experience in this very specific. Problem that I know you had. That I know you faced when you were building XYZ.
Some of them are investors. So maybe it's like. I know you have a portfolio company who has faced a similar problem.
Can you tell me about it? All of those are acceptable. There are a myriad of other objectives that would be awesome as well.
Just make sure that you have a reason for the call and that you know what you want to get out of it so that they can help you.
Okay, does anyone have questions about the during the meetings piece before we move to after? David?
Yeah, one slide earlier you show the screen where it was around if this individual cannot help you. Hey, who in your network can help you?
Is that something we can still use even if they were helpful? Like, hey, you were really, really helpful.
Is there someone else I can still talk to you? Cause I don't want it to come off as like they weren't when they actually were it just feels like there's definitely more wisdom they can offer and in network it as well.
And so. How would that go? Or how does that sound?
Yeah, I think you're already thinking about it in the right way. So first, like tell them, like, hey, this was super helpful.
And like, I'm gonna follow up with everything I heard us talk about, but I know that you're in a space where there are like even more incredible people like yourself.
Would you mind connecting me with like anyone in your network who you think would be helpful in like in a similar space like we talked about today?
Like just be really respectful and complementary. The more you can complement them and express gratitude, the more that they'll be willing to help you.
But you should definitely ask these people for more connections even if they were helpful. Max.
Yes, so I know the CEOs will be leading these in the kind of the success will take on more of like a note-taker role.
But how would you recommend Kind of like for like my own personal like professional development like making those connections while not.
Impeding the process, you know, like
Yeah, what you guys don't have to be mute. It's not like it like the JTV where we recommend that you don't speak as much.
It's just like the CEOs are driving it. So I've had a lot of CXOs like lend a hand in the conversation answering some of the mentors questions.
Maybe this maybe you reserve like one of the 3 questions you have specifically for the CXO to ask.
So you're making that connection as well. So you're more than welcome to speak in the call.
I would just make sure that you're not talking over each other and then you're making sure that the CEO is the one that's pitching the business just that they can get that practice in.
But this is also an opportunity for you Max and all other CXOs on the line to make that connection.
So you're not just there's a note, you're not talking and you're not going to make that connection.
I would I would advise you to at least speak once or twice. So then at the end you can friend them on LinkedIn.
And then if you continue a mentor with relationship with them, you can be on the call again and again.
Cool. Awesome. Bob.
I'm curious does tech stars provide some baseline? Grooming or Expectation setting or just ensuring like the mentorship practice from the mentor side is consistently high quality as well.
For example, One of the slides you showed had me worried. If taken the wrong way. It was clear they didn't know who I was can be completely egocentric and not something I would expect from a mentor like they're there to mentor not being known.
Like, you know, how dare you Like I personally don't like the idea of celebrity, but I'm also curious if there's like consistency in terms of like mentors coming into the mentorship matching and everything with like mentors coming into the mentorship matching and everything with like the same set of expectations in terms of.
The service expected to be provided by tech stars mentors.
That's a great question, Bob. I'm sorry. I'm gonna jump in real quickly on.
Absolutely.
I'll let you take it, but one piece here is I think what that quote may be referring to and what she's referring to is, favoritism on the founder side.
So sometimes the founders, you all will interact with some mentors different than others. And you'll have known who someone is and engage with them on experience and then you'd go to another meeting not taking it seriously, not being attentive, maybe downplaying the fact that their background or credentials didn't seem to strike your fancy when it comes to who you're talking to.
Yeah.
And then if they end up in a debrief group together. They're gonna go wait. Oh wow, so they were actually a good founder to you but just a bad founder to me so, but yes, we also set expectations on our side with those mentors and all that literally on elaborate.
Yeah, that's exactly what Neil described is exactly what happened with that mentor. So there was a person that had a perfect background to help this person, but because the founder for whatever reason didn't feel like that person was really worth their time.
They didn't take advantage of it. And then that that mentor who was actually extremely humble and kind person was kind of hurt.
Because it's like I could have offered them so much and they just like didn't care enough or maybe they didn't look into my background enough.
To take advantage of that and like they're not about to tell you their whole life story.
So if you come on the on the call and don't know that they're just gonna be seemingly like a nobody.
So which try really hard not to have ecocentric people. We screen the mentors and at the end you guys will do this as well.
All of the founders rate each of the mentors that they met with and give us feedback. So we're gonna collect feedback on zoom with you guys as well as written and then we take all of that and evaluate.
So every single time we prune and then we bring in more to replace. When people are not up to our standard and we've done that countless times like we've removed one or 2 every single time.
We also said the expectation they should not be selling you. So they've all already known that. And we said the expectation about the altruism and that it's really give first and that they're not coming here to expect anything.
That being said, there are a few people that are entrepreneurs. And they're proud of what they've done.
And they will talk about it. So just know that there are some strong personalities, but in general, we try to keep it at like a compassionate group.
It's just like the our team, right? We only wanna be around people that we think are kind, good humans.
Sunday.
Thanks, Liana. It's, it's a question on meeting etiquette.
And I think you had mentioned, around like having the video on like don't be in it in a background that it might be a bit distracting.
It's around use of like no take in as well. There's obviously a lot of us use like these not taking apps.
They're very helpful. Myself and Tommy just recently said that using one that we find very helpful when speaking to customers.
What is the general? View internally with your team because I guess most of these apps will probably have that coming out in the last maybe 6 months so maybe the last cohort might have had.
You might have seen people use it. So just like what is your, what is your kind of, what are your thoughts on it?
Okay, so my thoughts are that it's whatever the mentor wants. So some of them are gonna be like, so you go in, you'll have the note-taker, cause we'll make sure Chloe make a note for the associates.
Just move the note-taker with the founder in the breakout rooms. So you'll come in and then the first thing you should say is I have this note taker, it's not going to record, it's just going to transcribe and we'll keep it internal.
Is that okay? And then the majority will probably say yes. There are a few that are like, well, I can't like keep it real with you if we're going to like record it with an AI and then you'll have to say, okay, that's fine.
And then. Maybe message, whoever is running it and we can put the note taker in the waiting room, but most of them will say it's fine.
The one thing that we say is like, we don't. Ever want you guys to ask them to record?
To record the meeting. Cause our mentors really don't like that they feel that they can't speak candidly and they're not expecting that.
Okay.
But most won't mind the note to get up. No. No.
I know for me, I know I always slightly, I move slightly differently when I know that there's any type of recording or documentation outside of your own personal notes that you're taking.
With your team when I meet with founders, from, and, and things like that. So just pointing it out that, you know, the trade-off may not be worth it if you want to have.
Like the rust or most candid conversation. With someone. It like just think it's like you go to a physical meeting with the mentor and you've got like a robot next to you that's like tracking and watching what you all are talking about.
That'd be kind of weird, right? So just think about like that, like a lot of these mentors are older and old school.
So all this new tech stuff that people are using to make things a little easier, more convenient. There's a there's a risk in a trade off there of a more natural and organic conversation.
Out of curiosity. Sorry. So I'll be transparent about it. I'm open about this.
Well said. Yeah, then.
So I have, you know, and you like to shop down and let you know, you know, I have mental health, the way a mental health issue with ADHD.
So paying attention in that moment doesn't always work for me. I know that others can this community also struggle with that.
One of the super powers of Recording is that I can go back and list to it and get additional perspective thereafter.
Does text stars have an official kind of guidance or can we work with corporate to be more inclusive of people with mental disabilities and how to teach the mentors to be willing to go on record and work the legal team to not make them get in trouble if they do just bulge something.
Yeah, yeah. So we're, yeah, I shared your note, Vincent, by the way.
So we're definitely looking into that. What I will say though is that my point still stands.
It's cultural, yeah.
So yeah, so what I'm saying is like regardless of like whatever accommodations can be made, will absolutely do that to the best of our ability and let the mentors know as well.
But I'm just letting you know that it's just like a human thing.
Yeah, 100%. It's a cultural thing, right? Like we used to not include certain people and obviously the world is changing and there's one way you go about actually have the legal implications of when you give advice is different than the other types of non-inclusion, right?
You don't want to be legally in trouble if you record somebody.
Absolutely, and you can share that with them, if you feel comfortable like Most will say yes without you saying anything.
If someone says no, you can say, hey, like. I understand your opinion. Just wanna be level with you like this one.
Yeah.
Going through and I would like if I could record like could you take a second. Yeah And then they'll probably say yes.
Cool.
If someone for some reason says known to you, Vince, we can talk about it later. But in general for those who maybe would be able to suffice just note taking, that's usually the advice we give because it's better.
Where it's just like the faces, but of course anyone who needs extra combination should get those.
Okay, more questions about. Oh yeah, that's true. Nelson, yeah, Vince, that is why it's good to have a plus one to take notes, but of course what you said about listening back isn't able.
With just no taking so we'll work with you one-on-one on that Any other questions about during the meeting?
Okay, cool. So after. Is arguably as important as during the meeting because how you follow up is everything.
So after the meeting, send a thank you email. Within 48 h of having the call, you should send a thank you email and this is key.
Include any follow-up on next steps they gave you. This is huge because the mentors remember this stuff.
So they remember if they told you to send them a forwardable for XYZ person. You don't have to include the foridable in this thank you email.
You have to follow up knowing like just saying the next step. So thank you for this. This was amazing.
I learned XYZ. So summarizing what you learned or what the meeting meant to you is like a master move.
And then regarding next steps, I know that you would like me to send a affordable for this person.
I will have that to you like next week. Thank you for all your help. Even sent or whoever sending it.
That is a master move to include the summary of what you learned, but bare minimum is thank you and any follow-ups.
So if they tell you like, oh wow, I would love to review your deck. Please send it over.
And you don't say it in the thank you email, they're gonna be like, oh, I guess that person doesn't want help with that or like they'll just think that you don't follow through.
It's very good hygiene to always come back. And then say you decide to go in a different manner say they say they'll review your deck but then you decide you're not gonna fundraise anymore and it's irrelevant.
Still include that in the follow-up and say thank you for offering to review my deck. We're actually going in a different direction and I'll message you in a few months.
Like when that's more relevant. But I appreciate you being being willing. That happens a lot too.
So whatever it is, just make sure that you're following up and closing the loop. So no empty threads.
And while we don't recommend asking this and maybe you have a slide for this, Liliana, but some of them will invest.
So you never know. So you should definitely like follow this guideline and and and make sure you do 100% follow-up.
Because like we've had plenty of examples of mentors writing angel checks for founders.
Yeah, I kind of alluded to that about the before where it's like, we're not asking for money, but a lot of it does.
End up being that way, which is awesome. Okay, so in, in the follow up, this is the only thing.
A lot of founders get bogged down by the amount of like follow-up that they need to do so just take it easy make sure that you don't let it pile up.
Every 48 h you should be sending out thank yous to the people that you met in the day before.
Utilize your team to help you. Pre-writing a lot of that can help as well like lots of automation because you're going to be really tired from doing all these meetings.
And we also don't have meetings on Friday, either of the weeks. So we purposely don't do like 5 days so that you can have that catch-up day and also for mental well-being because it's going to be a lot and a lot of us are introverts and you need to recharge your social battery with those.
3 days off. So this is the after. Do people have questions about after the meeting? What is expected?
Yeah, David.
So one thing I think is Good. Thanks, John. Hill. The guy spoke this morning around.
How like early on with these investor conversations like you may not have something to offer and kind of like how maybe it's like your unique insight around the industry that can be helpful in the future.
Hmm.
Like what are some ways that we can kind of like. Not be so like obviously we're trying to get the most out of these resources but offer some sort of like Give as well like have you seen that done successfully following after these calls like I don't, I don't know, just kind of question.
So what John Hill was talking about was that one of the for those who missed it, one of the reasons that mentors like to mentor.
People at Tech Stars is to get an insight into like the newest tech for the next 3 to 5 years.
So you guys are like their insight into the young hip like new technologies that maybe they're not seeing in their own careers.
You don't have to explicitly do that. Like you just explaining your problem space and what you're working on does that.
So one, you don't have to worry about that, David. But 2 for the give. A great question is like, I know that like we're in early state startup and may not be super helpful, but is there any way that we can support you?
You guys already asked us that, which is like so sweet. Neil, do you have an example of that?
I don't have that. What I do have though is the perspective as a mentor for many years.
For tech stars. So I mentioned for tech stars for, 8 or 9 years before I joined a company.
And the ultimate satisfaction that I had for taking that time is the founders who kept me in the loop.
With their progress and help me realize that I made a small but meaningful difference in their journey in a positive way.
That's why most of them are signing up to do this is because they want to see all succeed.
And they love the fact that they get to stay connected to you and know that they actually, contributed to that.
One example of that is asking them in the follow-up email that I have on the screen right now if they would like to be part of your investor updates.
And you don't have to call them investor updates. Call them your weekly updates. If you ask them in the meeting and they say yes, you can follow up saying I've added you and here's our most recent one.
If you didn't ask them in the meeting, you can say it in this email. Do you want to be part of my weekly updates?
And if someone helped you during mentor madness. Not if, when multiple people help you, you should put them in a shout-out section.
Let them see their name in the weekly updates. That is a huge give back. The mentors love that.
I would be wary if multiple people helped you and you don't include them, some of them get sad.
So like if they really feel like they made a difference and they don't make it into the shadows, then like sometimes they message us like, oh, I really thought I helped this group, but they didn't put it in there.
So like they care a lot more than you would think. About your shout-out section, but that's a great way to give back.
Like this person really helped us really appreciate how they changed our view on how to structure XYZ. That's amazing.
Okay, so you are all very prepared. I like to end this by telling you all like you're they're gonna love you and as long as you do all of the prep here it's going to go extremely smoothly.
Get enough sleep, make sure that you have practiced your elevator pitch and you're ready to answer any questions that they have, but also don't stress about it.
It's going to be really fun and it's a lot of people's favorite part of program.
Is mentor madness. No.
Yeah, and just as a note though, the way you carry yourself and interact with these mentors. It doesn't just reflect on you.
It reflects on the rest of your founders in the class and it reflects on us. So like your professionalism going into these, will basically set us up for success or maybe some struggling moments down the road for future classes and for future engagement with that mentor.
Okay, you've got this. Now I'll take questions.
Okay.
Yeah, sorry if you're ready if you already answer that. But, for the calls on Zoom, are we gonna get a link?
Should we initiate the And the invitation.
Yeah, it'll be all our link. So the 4 of you, like you could have a group with 3 other companies, you all have one link for that session.
And it'll be a different link every day. And you go on that for that whole session. So all 4 meetings will be on that one link and we'll move you around breakout rooms.
So you do not need to send a Zoom link for these meetings. We have it all covered.
Thanks. Do you know when we're gonna get those invitations?
It'll just be what's on the program calendar. So like those blocks that are there right now, those will be your blocks and we'll just put the Zoom link in there.
So group. Yeah.
Okay, awesome. Thank you.
Yeah. I can add, group A and B, zoom links by like. End of day tomorrow latest, but it's each session is around Robin style so everyone jumps into the same room and we rotate you through breakout rooms with the 4 mentors.
Downside.
Yeah, that was basically my question. So can. We declined the sections that we're not in or they are the current placeholders just going to drop off.
No, that, well, you don't decline it because you guys aren't invited to those.
Okay.
They're just on the calendar. Like what Chloe was saying is that on your own personal calendar you can copy the blocks that you are gonna be in and then you could ignore the rest.
Or you can just know that those are your blocks and you can connect. Or the others. But we're not like you're not invited.
It's just a separate calendar.
Nice. Thank you.
Dan.
Hi, Miss. Koy, I have a question for you. I' you in the, in the, so, if that time doesn't work for my second co-founder because like 3, pm pacific time it's very very late for Europe.
Is there any chance we can? Like more with the world.
I will get back to you. I'll take a look at your situation and see if there's anyone else we can swap you with.
No guarantees but i'll look into that and follow up with you after this call
Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Kevin.
Yeah, the Leanna, just to clarify one more time, do we receive feedback from you guys, from the mentors about what the mentors may say about us.
And how often do we receive that feedback?
Yes and once. So yes, you get it. And we compile it from all 8 days and we put it into one document and you'll get it at the end of mentor madness.
It's like a few days after midterm madness ends. Probably at the start of week 5 and that's part of why we all come together in week 5 so we can help you decide how to implement those.
That feedback into actionable insights.
And just so you all know, you should know like. We have something that isn't. There's no perfect process here and everybody at Texas across the world is trying to iterate on how to run the best version of your madness.
For ours, we Choose to do the debrief. And then share the raw feedback from all of them.
Anonymously because what we've learned is that when it's anonymous and when the mentors know that It allows them to be extremely candid in a way that gives you all additional perspective and insight about what is actually going on and what they think.
There are some founders that want to name names. They want to know who said that. And just know that you can also get feedback from them live when you meet with them.
So unfortunately, I know it's not ideal to not know everyone in what they're saying, but at the same time, I think the raw aggregate of the information itself we found to be more beneficial and more honest with this format and approach.
Doug, did you, Doug and Vincent, did you guys hear me earlier when I was explaining like why we don't put it after the first week because I can say it again.
80 HD Brain.
No, you're good. So. He did that one program and it was a disaster. So we iterate and we like try different things.
So one program we were thinking like, oh, maybe we should give the feedback during after the first week and then they can implement it for the second week and it was horrible.
All of our founders who had done so well in week 3. Just bombed week 4. So like the second week of mentor madness because they were in their heads.
So they were worried so much about all the feedback that they had gotten in week 3 and then they weren't focused on the current mentors they were meeting with and what they had to say.
Completely separate set of people. They were really self-conscious and they were just thinking about all the implementations and kind of implications.
That's the way I'm looking for of the feedback rather than what is in front of them.
So instead you're going to be present for all 2 weeks and then we'll worry about implications afterward.
But we did. Yeah, no.
Another cool, yeah, sorry, another cool thing that happens. Is you all will naturally get better as you go.
So even in one single day from your first meeting to your fourth meeting. We'll hear the mentors in the debrief and they'll go wow you talked to a completely different team than I did.
Because you all basically figure out you find your stride, you know how to introduce yourself, or you take feedback live from a mentor about what you described versus what would be a better way to talk about it.
So just know that that'll be natural too is you all are just going to evolve as you go.
That has actually happened. So sometimes we've had people. Have a breakthrough with one mentor and then they pitch.
A completely different like way of looking at the business. In the other 2 meetings and then the mentors figure that out like oh you must have really helped them because they changed it live.
But which is awesome. Max.
Would you would you recommend like asking for any feedback at the end of your like meeting with them?
Yeah, I think that's awesome. Asking for feedback, asking what they think, like if you're the kind of person that wants tough love, like letting them know that like, hey, loves off, like I want to hear it.
Otherwise, you all get it in like writing later. So it's up to you. And also the things that they say to you are still gonna be less than what they would say to like me and Neil.
So you'll get both.
Any other questions?
I have one last thing to say, on about it. I want to remind you all I've said this plenty of times already in the past few weeks.
But these are just people. And they're not the same as us in that they haven't worked with over a hundred companies.
And at the in depth level that we have through tech stars. So a lot of them have their own expectations for themselves and their performance and helping you.
They probably list that their tech stars mentor on their LinkedIn sometimes. They tell other people that they're involved with tech stars and they work with the coolest and best companies.
So what's going to happen is a lot of them might come off more certain. And more confident about what they're saying, then what might be beneficial to you.
So just know that you have to take everything that's being said to you with the grain of salt.
Because it's your business not theirs. And for them, they're spending 30 to 45 min evaluating you and telling me what they think you should do.
You've been spending the past few years if not longer. On realizing this. So just make sure you always keep that in mind.
Remember we sent an orientation that like we don't like to be prescriptive, but some people do try to tell you what to do.
That's what's gonna happen. They're gonna tell you that this is a hundred percent the way you should go and you're gonna have to make sure that you take it with a grain of salt and pump the brakes.
Did you talk about whiplash? Okay, cool.
Yeah.
Yes. I didn't talk about the prescriptive nature. So we've had some companies come out and say like this person told us like we need to go B to C like we've been getting it wrong with B to B and we're starting that tomorrow and then Neil and I have to be like Hold on, this person heard about your business for 20 min.
Are you sure this is the best way? It's data like maybe that is the best way, but you should now consider it.
Open a conversation with your team or with us and like think about it. It's not. Prescriptive, 100%, this is what we're doing.
And it's going to be hard to think that way because these mentors are extremely impressive. So when you have someone like Troy who has like seen what he's seen and as knowledgeable as he is.
It's hard not to just do everything he says. That's why we try not to tell you what to do.
Because it's still your business. And they actually don't expect you to do it everything that they say, even when they speak with certainty.
If it went poorly and you came back and told them that it was their fault, they would question why you took them so seriously.
Yeah, and sometimes there are investors and mentors with hubris. Who actually do get upset when you don't do what they say.
That's happened to me. And I'm just like, sorry dog, like I gotta run my business, so.
You know, sometimes I'm gonna do what you like sometimes I'm not, but they're just gonna have to live with that and we can still be friends.
Like the advice that Troy's giving me, I' like half the time and he gets so mad at me when I don't but I don't really care and he still loves me.
That's such a good example.
Okay, cool. Well, I'm gonna stop the recording. I'll stick around for extra questions, but you guys are going to do great.
So you're gonna meet with Frona this afternoon on how to do the research. Tomorrow you'll get your list of mentors and a few more pieces of details for Mentor Madness and then we have Friday mostly free except for the JP Morgan workshop so you can spend Friday researching then we'll kick off on Monday.
Any other questions that you have? I'll stick around, but I'm super excited for you guys.
It's going to be good